docs(python): Update stream mode in instrumentation files (tracing part 2/3) (#18532)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/python/tracing/instrumentation/custom-instrumentation/mcp-module.mdx

        )
```

```python {tabTitle:Stream Mode}
import sentry_sdk
import json

sentry_sdk.init(...)

# Example prompt retrieval
prompt_name = "code_review"
prompt_arguments = {"language": "python"}

with sentry_sdk.traces.start_span(
    name=f"prompts/get {prompt_name}",
    attributes={"sentry.op": "mcp.server"},
) as span:
    # Set MCP-specific attributes
    span.set_attributes({
        "mcp.prompt.name": prompt_name,
        "mcp.method.name": "prompts/get",

        # Set request metadata
        "mcp.request.id": "req_456def",
        "mcp.session.id": "session_xyz789",
        "mcp.transport": "http",
        "network.transport": "tcp",
    })

>     # Set prompt arguments (optional, if send_default_pii=True)

Reviewer: `send_default_pii` is a flag the sdk uses to gate attributes. As this is a custom instrumentation snippet, it's up to the user to decide what they want to include:

```suggestion
    # Set prompt arguments (keep in mind this might contain PII data, so only set if that's ok)
```

    for key, value in prompt_arguments.items():
        span.set_attribute(f"mcp.request.argument.{key}", value)

    # Retrieve the prompt
    prompt_result = get_prompt(prompt_name, prompt_arguments)

    # Set result data
    messages = prompt_result.get("messages", [])
    span.set_attribute("mcp.prompt.result.message_count", len(messages))

    # For single-message prompts, set role and content
    if len(messages) == 1:
        span.set_attribute("mcp.prompt.result.message_role", messages[0].get("role"))

>         # Content is PII, only set if send_default_pii=True

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # Note that content might contain PII data
```
